 
1. I will try my best to keep it at $500, if we are clear about the results. The only way costs go up is when something that wasn't expected was asked or requires a lot more time than originally thought. A simple 2D platformer can definitely be created under $500.

2. I understand. I can still take a look at them if you can give me the .unitypackage or we can create the $5 for me to receive the packages. You can also download the packages into a Unity 2021.3.25 and give me the entire project files.

3. I understand. Unity has built-in support for that.

4. Ads will be on
- Main Menu (Rewarded Video) - This will be required for the booster which is required it seems. They can watch 5 more ads, although I do not know how that will be allowed that. We can tackle this later.

5. All privacy policies are different. I can give a privacy policy to you, but that game did not collect email or passwords, or any user data. So that privacy policy will probably not work on this game.

6. Thank you.

7. My pleasure

8. Alright. When I create a project, and its name will be Slime and Jewels

9. There are many. I do not want the client to be limited to a few. Sometimes I find assets on Graphics River, Pinterest and other website. However, be very careful about the liscenses. I know that ShutterStock is integrated with Fiverr, but I do not know whether they have game assets or not.

10. Alright! I hope we have the graphics for it.

11. Google handles it, but Google does not make an account for the player. So we will have to handle it ourselves.

12. Here are my main concerns
- Position on the level cannot be covered within $500. We can store levels unlocked, but we cannot have the exact position. It is a very difficult task.
- Please tell me about "what chests have been collected" part. I don't understand this part.
- About the enemies, we just have to store the enemies that have been defeated? Just their number?
- We will make a Playfab account, not a Google or Apple account. I know that Unity does automatically unlock all non-consumable items, but it doesn't work very well.

13. Please note that it will be a Playfab account.

14. Okay

15. Alright

16. I wish it actually had it. There is a huge demand for that for a very long time.

17. They will be saved on their Playfab account.

18. I understand. Probably when I start developing, I will understand how it works better.

19. Like I stated before, to keep the game under $500, please do not include the save position in level task. It is very difficult. Although you have stated that you are willing to pay more, I strongly suggest that we get the basic game made first, as I believe that the document and the details given makes me feel it is a not a simple 2D platformer. It has randomness and replayability. I strongly suggest that we focus on getting the main game done first, as I am quite concerned about it.

20. I wish this was explained in terms of a gameplay loop and as a list. I may have to study this and break it down. There is a lot of text, which makes me worry I might miss an important detail.

21. - So pretige is basically just the number of times the game is completed from start to finish by a single character?
- So once I get 100 presitage, I can only get 40 tokens and never more than 40 tokens for completing a single level?

22. Alright. What would be unique about the characters? Why would anyone buy them?

23. Alright. I am glad we have made that clear.

24. What concerns me about this is the fact that you listed some boosters or benifits which I will also have to factor in while coding, making it more than a simple 2D platformer.

25. Alright.

For the registration system, I strongly suggest that you download all the assets and give them to me. I do not want you to make any finnanical commitments yet, unless I am sure that I am providing value. I think due to the way the text is written, the game seem to be more complicated than it actually is, which concerns. Can we please make an arragement where I can work for a while without any finnanical commitments until the game starts taking shape? This is so I am fully confident that the game is not as complex as I think it is right now.
